Pass.lazy.jsx at the top here.
So we're going to import another one up here
called getPastOrder with no s from dot dot slash API slash
getPastOrder.
We'll go code that up in just a second.
And then we're going to import our modal as well.
Import modal from dot dot slash modal.
Cool.
All right.
Everyone's favorite, we're going to make another currency
converter here.
Number format en dash us.
And style is currency.
Would you just put that in the utility?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, no, I think this is the fourth time we've done it.
I'm already regretting my decisions.
All right, we're just doing it.
All right, fine.
We'll just do it.
Use currency dot jsx.
Don't say I never did anything for you.
Export default function, use currency.
This is going to take in some sort of price.
We're going to have all that stupid stuff we keep writing
over and over again that everyone
keeps complaining about.
Number format en dash us.
It's going to be style currency currency usd.
And we're really just going to return Intel dot format.
Is it format to price?
What is it?
I've got to remember exactly.
It's just format.
OK, format price.
Now, instead of doing it this way,
we can say instead of here, we can dump that business.
And our price is going to be something like const price
equals use.
What did I call it?
Use currencies, is that what they call it?
Oh, yeah, cool.
Use currency.
And this is going to be a little bit hairy now,
because I actually have this inside of a map.
In theory, you shouldn't use hooks that way.
But you'd be able to say 15.10 here.
And now price would be a properly formatted price.
So in this case, it's actually probably not
going to be useful, because we can't use it
for our map here.
So instead of making this a hook,
probably what you would do is you would just say const price
converter equals then we'll say intel.format price.
So I guess this is exactly the same thing.
It's just not a hook, right?
You could have the hook return the just intl, right?
And then you could just have this.
Something like that.
And then now you kind of cover both ways of doing it.
All right, and now inside of past.lazy.jsx,
instead of getting the use currency here,
we can also get the price converter.
And then this actually will be useful to us.
So we're going to make another hook up here,
which is focused order.
So if a user clicks on one of the orders,
we want them to pop up with a modal
and see the details of that particular past order.
So that's what the focused order is going to be.
Use state.
Again, you can put anything here.
I just have this as empty, which is going to be undefined.
So focused order is not going to have anything to begin with.
But feel free to put null or whatever you want there.
This is kind of a cool one.
All right, so we're going to do another query here
from Tanstack.
So const is loading.
We have to call this something else
because is loading already exists here.
So we have to call this something like is loading
past order.
That's all this is doing is just renaming it
to a different variable.
And data, again, is going to be past order data.
And that's going to be equal to use query.
What's our query key going to be?
It's got to be unique to this particular order.
So it's going to be past order.
And we have to give it some unique kind of key to it,
kind of like the keys that we use in React.
Well, focused order itself, we know
this is going to be unique to that particular focused order.
So we can use that as the query key.
OK, query function is just going to be getPastOrder,
that one that we just imported that we haven't written yet.
And it's going to be focusedOrder.
Order, stale time.
Now, something I said earlier in the course,
I did not use AI anywhere.
I'll confess I actually did use it here
because I wanted to find out how many seconds are in a day
because I didn't want to do that math off the top of my head.
Stale time should be one day in milliseconds.
So that is one place I did use it because I couldn't
be bothered to Google it.
That sounded hard.
So we do have one weird problem that you're probably
catching on to here, which is, wait,
I don't have a focused order if there's no focused order.
What happens if this runs on the first page right now?
It's going to go try and request a focused order for something
that doesn't exist yet.
So how do we prevent it from doing that?
We only want to request something
if there is a focused order.
And if there's not a focused order, then we don't want to.
Right?
That make sense?
Well, turns out they thought of that, which is kind of cool.
You just put in this enabled.
And if there is a focused order, then you
will go out and grab something.
And if there's not, then you won't.
So you'll see my note here.
I have a double exclamation point.
It's not that I'm just excited about focused orders.
We've all seen something like this, if loading.
This means not loading.
This also has the fascinating feature
of turning this into a Boolean.
So this is actually literally false.
So not loading is triple equal to false or true if it is.
So what happens if I do not not loading?
It's the same thing, but it's turned into a Boolean, right?
So this is going to be either true or false.
That's what the double exclamation point means.
I do it.
I understand that it's kind of like a little opaque,
but it's common enough in coding that I just keep doing it.
I don't think it's actually even technically necessary.
I think this is just fine, but that's
why that's in there in my notes.
Does that make sense?
To put it in another way, is it avoiding truthiness
or implied truthiness and forcing a full Boolean?
Yes, exactly.
It's doing the type coercion right here,
as opposed to letting TanStack query do it.